# Introduction

Large or never-ending sequences of records pose a problem for JSON that
is well explained in the motivation for JSON Text Sequences [RFC7464].
GeoJSON [GeoJSON] faces the same kind of problem: geographic datasets
often run to the tens of thousands or millions of records. The problem
is often amplified by the prescence of large arrays of coordinates for
each of the records.

This document describes a specialization of JSON Text Sequences.
A GeoJSON Text Sequence is a document of possibly infinite size
containing one or more GeoJSON objects, e.g., multiple GeoJSON Feature
texts that can be parsed and produced incrementally, and not only
a single GeoJSON Feature Collection.

The advantage of using ASCII character RS "0x1e" to denote a record is
that sequence producers and parsers need not enforce a canonical form
for record GeoJSON. Any valid GeoJSON, pretty-printed or compact, can be
used in a GeoJSON text sequence. Additionally, GeoJSON text sequences
inherit from the other [RFC7464] rules for consistent processing of
sequences with potentially corrupted records.

## Requirements Language

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT",
"SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and
"OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in
[RFC2119].

# GeoJSON Text Sequence Format

Defined in prose, following [RFC7464]: a GeoJSON text sequence is any
number of GeoJSON texts, each encoded in UTF-8 [RFC3629], each preceded
by one ASCII RS character, and each followed by a line feed (LF).

The GeoJSON Text Sequence Format conforms to all the rules of [RFC7464]
and adds the following constraint: each JSON text MUST contain a single
GeoJSON object as defined in [GeoJSON].

Heterogeneous sequences containing a mix of GeoJSON Geometry, Feature,
and Feature Collection objects are permitted. How producers and parsers
of GeoJSON text sequences communicate rules for allowed GeoJSON types
in exchanged sequences is not specified in this document.
